# Iranian National Code Generator

> **TLDR**:  
> You can use this tool to create dictionary files filled with valid
> Iranian national codes to use as a dictionary file for `wifite` or
> other WiFi and password cracking tools.

I don't have wired connection and I have to use one of the Iranian
mobile operators for my internet connection. Unfortunately, due to
military unrest in the middle east, internal political and social
conflicts, frequent power outages (which certainly affect BTSes) and
various other reasons, I often encounter frequent internet outages or
instabilities (several times a day and for hours a day in total).

Nowadays, a fast and high quality network connection is our inalienable
right. All people need it for everyday life, let alone people like me
who need it for work. If you think the problems mentioned above are
unbearable and can't get any worse, you are wrong:

* Many services such as Docker registry, package manager repositories,
  mobile app stores, etc. are inaccessible to us due to international
  economic sanctions of Iran.
* Many widely used and popular services such as YouTube, Play Store,
  almost all social networks, video, audio and movie streaming services,
  etc. are inaccessible to us due to national filtering and censorship.

One day, while I was writing code at work and needed to install a Golang
package, I encountered an internet outage. Due to the urgent need for
internet and to have a little fun, I installed the `wifite` package
(a tool to attack encrypted wireless networks) on my Arch Linux to
access my neighbour's wireless network connections (hoping they have a
copper or fiber optic broadband connection). Of the several wireless
networks available, approximately 25% did have WPS enabled, and within a
few seconds, I extracted their passwords. What was interesting to me was
that the passwords for two networks were Iranian national codes.

With this background and assuming that WPS disabled networks may also
have national codes as their passwords, All I had to do was create a
text file, containing one national code per line, and use it as a
dictionary file to discover the password of WPA/WPA2 networks in wifite.

With a two-line Python script, the desired file can be created, which
creates a set of ten-digit numbers. National codes in Iran are 10 digits
long, and the rightmost digit, like many other coding systems, is used
to verify the correctness of the code. Therefore, 90% of the national
codes generated by a blind script are not correct inherently. With a
little modification, or even using ready-made codes, you can filter
incorrect codes, saving 90% of your and your system's time and energy to
find wireless network passwords.

The good news is that you don't have to write such a program yourself.
I've done it for you. The code is written in ANSI C and is much faster
than an equivalent Python script.

To compile the program, just run the `make` command in the cloned
folder. If you don't have `make`, you can install it, or compile the
program without using `make`:

```
cc main.c -o nidgen
```

In the region where I live, most national codes start with the digits
203 or 497. To create a dictionary file containing all possible valid
national codes that start with the given digits, simply run the
following command:

```
./nidgen 203 497 > dict
```

You can pass any number of national code prefixes to the program. Just
note that if you don't specify any prefixes, the program will start
generating all valid national codes, which is one billion, and knowing
that each national code requires 11 bytes of space (10 bytes + 1 byte
for the newline character), it will require 11,000,000,000 storage space
(11 GB or 10.24 GiB).

You can now use the created dictionary file to discover the passwords of
wireless networks around you.

Run `nidgen -h` to see a one-liner help output.
